# Homework 9

This is the starting readme for this assignment.  Please edit the following information by removing the "*edit me*" and replace it with appropriate information your assignment. If it is asking you a question, please provide a response.

- Name: Cong(Cathy) Fu
- Github Account name: cathyfu1215
- How many hours did it take you to complete this assignment?  more then 30
- Did you collaborate with any other students/TAs/Professors? If so, tell us who and in what capacity.
  - I asked Logan questions about my understanding of this homework on Piazza.
- Did you use any external resources? (Cite them below)
  - I used the code generated by copilot for my dijkstra's shortest path algorithm. I modified the code so it works for this specific assignment.
  - I refer to the textbook "CLRS" all the time.
  - I reused my own matrix homework and hashmap homework.

## Logistics

For this assignment (and every assignment), you must login into the servers through `your_khoury_name@login.khoury.northeastern.edu` to complete and test your work. The reason is the examples I will provide below are compiled strictly for our machines architecture, and this is a consistent architecture where your submission will be graded.

### Important notes

* Your code **must compile and run** on the Khoury machines to earn credit. Make sure you test your programs on these machines, as this is where we grade your assignments.
* You must commit any additional files(if any) into your repository so we can test your code.
  * Points will be lost if you forget!
* Do not forget, once you have pushed your changes to your repo make sure that you **submit them to Gradescope before the assignment deadline!**

